nobody who didn't play snap against
Michigan to the following week coach
Kelly is commenting about how 11 NFL
scouts are so we're already saying I
just played football like I just do what
I'm supposed to do every game and like
information can't they needed me to go
rush the passer I would drive my heart's
to rush the passengers like I did this
game was that little tough for you
knowing that you know there's two nerds
a once-in-a-generation player and you
really want that chance to go against
something I mean everybody you know
wants to go against it out Robertson get
their chance but I mean I just like I
said I I knew my assignment and where I
was and I know they're seniors above me
that needed to be out too in certain
situations so it was just going along
with it fair that me do you feel any
pressure move forward fairly or unfairly
people are gonna look at your numbers
from this past weekend and kind of
expect that as the norms you know it's
all here second time in we I mean six
quarterback hurries forced a fumble I
mean the odds are against you doing that
every single week or putting those nails
up every single way to you feel any
pressure having to go out there not
really no I'm just completely I'm just
gonna do what I have to do for the team
you know try to get the ball back
everything every play you probably saw
yourself as a speed player and here
I have to rewire expectations not for
once I just plan the defensive line to
be the power player play covered up not
not have that edge where you beat people
um I feel like the power comes from the
speed it's like I get I'm guessing like
you know I take off this tackler guard
setting back but the shoes I hit him and
use my power like I'm getting it from
the speed so I mean it'll really I don't
really change anything I just I just
think coach Longo if you know gave me
that weight room in getting me a lot
stronger than I was coming in you miss
at all this kind of just speed rushes to
the outside against when you're lined up
wise
I feel like every time I'm if I'm in a
three technique oh my god I feel like
I'm stolen outside edge I know like the
tackles not gonna come down and try to
block me so it's really a one-on-one
with the guard or the garden center I
feel like it's still coming off the edge
every play with what snapped in you that
what clicked yeah well they told you
they told me I wasn't gonna play else
may tell you're not gonna play if you
don't do it all right so uh I just did
the games and did everything right and
then I'm getting my shot